Now, let's get into the "let" keyword. You've seen me write it in my code.
And this is a new way to declare variables.
It was introduced in ES2015 and "let" has scope constraints, which is actually very good because
what that allows you to do is it allows you to define where your variable has meaning and where it doesn't.
And don't worry about scope yet.
We'll chat about that later.
Just know that "let" variables cannot be re-declared.
So let me give you an example. If we write let name equals Wally Smart, and further down our code
we go let name equals Wally Stupid,
JavaScript is going to give us an error, saying that "name" has already been defined. And this is a good thing,
right?
We don't want our containers getting messed up, and the the same name
containers in our pantry. We should have distinct names for distinct variables, and you'll be a very happy coder.
But this is not to say you can never change the name Wally Smart.
Because with the let keyword, you can still reassign values to variables.
If we just didn't include the word let and we just said name equals Wally Stupid later on in our code,
that would be perfectly valid.
I just want to elaborate.
I deliberately ignored scoping, and I don't want to get into this right now.
It's a more advanced topic, so we're going to be getting into it later.